at the match on tuesday they had the
hachinger with severe conditions against
waving wiesbaden to fight the snow bar
in the sports park and today as you can see
field is free the lawn is green and the
connection can come
The game on Tuesday actually went
off hook relatively quickly because that was
under irregular conditions in the
Snowfall is annoying if you whole
year what is in it and then in one
actually play it all
had to make the last game come
so far we have the whole deal
against inter waves second vfl osnabrück
Of course, that's a tough game too
expect
and there is the game association
unterhaching certainly already with
a point satisfied
from the backlash we know that osnabrück
Super Team is one of the three
best teams in the league the
my players are technically good
have football with the guide arrangement
with opinion to the west
deadly player in her squad and us
have to be careful when we play our game
start today was a good team
racing come in that we ourselves
auskontern
because she should be a relative frequent
go deep and then the balls long
It demands that we know and it was great
to prevent
who also mean the point today
Satisfied if you go against a first
play or second on the goal difference
Of course you are with the point
satisfied
that is not the point then
as well as the last games
at a very restrained
initial phase in the young team
already after 22 minutes with 2 0 back
was
yes, we only have to stop again
but how could you connect?
just two goals in a row and the same
then it is usually already we believe
have seen the first half of the year today
why dismantling is three
chances to score two goals
if you auskontern in your own stadium
let something happen in no case there
very disappointing that we two
different sides show the game in the game
first increase clearly lapses minutes
again
Two counter gates are received
then better come into play in the game
first half then would have
There will be two more chances from the
You do not have to say anything because he marks that
Tor makes the stefan of the 2010 format
Opportunities for us is the gate like
I also do not know we need to get nailed
just fight it out of us
addressed great chance of markus
Schwabe would have arrived shortly before half-time
quite the game again quite a
other twist and the young team
give it another boost
but defended the clever ones
osnabrücker their 2 0 lead sovereign
to the end and finally won
also earned
It is the fifth game where we each
have played well halfway and it
unfortunately not enough
to make the money that the bankruptcy series
the young player is unsure in
many situations in the game clearly
recognize
but he never and manuel tree
know the situation very well
assess
yes you can already see on the game because
much as for us government but we
have to fight us out as a team
and yes, we have to go if I have
I saw the second half there
we gave it full throttle with opportunities
created and I mean that makes hope
for the next games we have pressure
We could therefore because you absolutely
must pursue now or you have to
not realized for the hachinger
As yasin yilmaz said, that was the gate
unfortunately we nailed up now hope
next saturday against arminia bielefeld
away and 2 pm
Give everything and try three points